README.md, before:


# A Python plugin for linuxdeploy [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python)


## [For developers][WIKI_DEVS]

This is a plugin for [linuxdeploy][LINUXDEPLOY]. It helps building _lightweight_
[Python][PYTHON] based [AppImage][APPIMAGE] applications by bundling a
_minimalist_ source distribution of [Python][PYTHON] inside an [AppDir][APPDIR].
Extra site specific packages can be bundled as well using `pip`, E.g. binaries
from [PyPi][PYPI].  Specific instructions for building and configuring the image
are located on the [wiki][WIKI_DEVS].


## [For users][WIKI_USERS] 

Ready to use [AppImage][APPIMAGE] distributions of [Python][PYTHON] are provided
[below](##Downloads) or in the [release][RELEASE] area. A one liner example is:
```
wget -cq https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage && chmod u+x python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage && ./python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage
```
which will install and run a [Python][PYTHON] instance.  See the instructions on
the [wiki][WIKI_USERS] for more detailed usage.

## Downloadable AppImages

[![Python 2.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python2.7-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python2.7.17-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python3.7-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python3.7.6-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Python 3.8](https://img.shields.io/badge/python3.8-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/scipy-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/scipy-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Xonsh](https://img.shields.io/badge/xonsh-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/xonsh-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/plugin-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/linuxdeploy-plugin-python-x86_64.AppImage)


[APPIMAGE]: https://appimage.org
[APPDIR]: https://docs.appimage.org/reference/appdir.html
[LINUXDEPLOY]: https://github.com/linuxdeploy/linuxdeploy
[PYPI]: https://pypi.org
[PYTHON]: https://www.python.org
[RELEASE]: https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases

[WIKI_DEVS]: ../../wiki/Developers
[WIKI_USERS]: ../../wiki/Users

## Projects that use linuxdeploy-plugin-python
* [xxh](https://github.com/xxh/xxh) - bring your favorite shell wherever you go through the ssh

Commit message:

Add ref to grand/python

README.md, after:


# A Python plugin for linuxdeploy [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python)


## [For developers][WIKI_DEVS]

This is a plugin for [linuxdeploy][LINUXDEPLOY]. It helps building _lightweight_
[Python][PYTHON] based [AppImage][APPIMAGE] applications by bundling a
_minimalist_ source distribution of [Python][PYTHON] inside an [AppDir][APPDIR].
Extra site specific packages can be bundled as well using `pip`, E.g. binaries
from [PyPi][PYPI].  Specific instructions for building and configuring the image
are located on the [wiki][WIKI_DEVS].


## [For users][WIKI_USERS] 

Ready to use [AppImage][APPIMAGE] distributions of [Python][PYTHON] are provided
in the [downloads](##Downloads) sections below or in the [release][RELEASE]
area. A one liner example is:
```
wget -cq https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage && chmod u+x python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage && ./python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage
```
which will install and run a [Python][PYTHON] instance.  See the instructions on
the [wiki][WIKI_USERS] for more detailed usage.

## Projects using [linuxdeploy-plugin-python][PYTHON_PLUGIN]
* [grand/python](https://github.com/grand-mother/python) - Contained, portable
  and modern python for [GRAND][GRAND] running from an AppImage
* [xxh](https://github.com/xxh/xxh) - Bring your favorite shell wherever you go
  through the ssh 

## Downloads

[![Python 2.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python2.7-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python2.7.17-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python3.7-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python3.7.6-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Python 3.8](https://img.shields.io/badge/python3.8-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/python3.8.1-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/scipy-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/scipy-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Xonsh](https://img.shields.io/badge/xonsh-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/xonsh-x86_64.AppImage)
[![Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/plugin-x86_64-blue.svg)](https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases/download/continuous/linuxdeploy-plugin-python-x86_64.AppImage)


[APPIMAGE]: https://appimage.org
[APPDIR]: https://docs.appimage.org/reference/appdir.html
[GRAND]: http://grand.cnrs.fr
[LINUXDEPLOY]: https://github.com/linuxdeploy/linuxdeploy
[PYPI]: https://pypi.org
[PYTHON]: https://www.python.org
[PYTHON_PLUGIN]: https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python
[RELEASE]: https://github.com/niess/linuxdeploy-plugin-python/releases
[WIKI_DEVS]: ../../wiki/Developers
[WIKI_USERS]: ../../wiki/Users
